now it came to pass in the third year of
now it came to pass in the third year of who shear the son of Allah
who shear the son of Allah
who shear the son of Allah king of Israel that Hezekiah the son of
king of Israel that Hezekiah the son of
king of Israel that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign he was
Ahaz king of Judah began to reign he was
Ahaz king of Judah began to reign he was 25 years old when he became King and he
25 years old when he became King and he
25 years old when he became King and he reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 29 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Abel the daughter of
mother's name was Abel the daughter of
mother's name was Abel the daughter of Zechariah and he did what was right in
Zechariah and he did what was right in
Zechariah and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord according to all
the sight of the Lord according to all
the sight of the Lord according to all that his father David had done he
that his father David had done he
that his father David had done he removed the high places and broke the
removed the high places and broke the
removed the high places and broke the sacred pillars cut down the wooden image
sacred pillars cut down the wooden image
sacred pillars cut down the wooden image and broke in pieces the bronze serpent
and broke in pieces the bronze serpent
and broke in pieces the bronze serpent that Moses had made for until those days
that Moses had made for until those days
that Moses had made for until those days the children of Israel burned incense to
the children of Israel burned incense to
the children of Israel burned incense to it and called it new hushed in' he
it and called it new hushed in' he
it and called it new hushed in' he trusted in the Lord God of Israel so
trusted in the Lord God of Israel so
trusted in the Lord God of Israel so that after him was none like him among
that after him was none like him among
that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah nor who were
all the kings of Judah nor who were
all the kings of Judah nor who were before him for he held fast to the Lord
before him for he held fast to the Lord
before him for he held fast to the Lord he did not depart from following him but
he did not depart from following him but
he did not depart from following him but kept his commandments which the Lord had
kept his commandments which the Lord had
kept his commandments which the Lord had commanded Moses the Lord was with him
commanded Moses the Lord was with him
commanded Moses the Lord was with him he prospered wherever he went and he
he prospered wherever he went and he
he prospered wherever he went and he rebelled against the king of Assyria and
rebelled against the king of Assyria and
rebelled against the king of Assyria and did not serve him
did not serve him
did not serve him he subdued the Philistines as far as
he subdued the Philistines as far as
he subdued the Philistines as far as Gaza and its territory from Watchtower
Gaza and its territory from Watchtower
Gaza and its territory from Watchtower to fortified city
to fortified city
to fortified city now it came to pass in the fourth year
now it came to pass in the fourth year
now it came to pass in the fourth year of king hezekiah which was the seventh
of king hezekiah which was the seventh
of king hezekiah which was the seventh year of ho shear the son of allah king
year of ho shear the son of allah king
year of ho shear the son of allah king of israel that shall manisa a king of
of israel that shall manisa a king of
of israel that shall manisa a king of assyria came up against samaria and
assyria came up against samaria and
assyria came up against samaria and besieged it and at the end of three
besieged it and at the end of three
besieged it and at the end of three years they took it in the sixth year of
years they took it in the sixth year of
years they took it in the sixth year of Hezekiah that is the ninth year of who
Hezekiah that is the ninth year of who
Hezekiah that is the ninth year of who shia king of israel samaria was taken
shia king of israel samaria was taken
shia king of israel samaria was taken then the king of Assyria carried Israel
then the king of Assyria carried Israel
then the king of Assyria carried Israel away captive to Assyria and put them in
away captive to Assyria and put them in
away captive to Assyria and put them in halo and by the hey bow the river of
halo and by the hey bow the river of
halo and by the hey bow the river of Gaza and in the cities of the Medes
Gaza and in the cities of the Medes
Gaza and in the cities of the Medes because they did not obey the voice of
because they did not obey the voice of
because they did not obey the voice of the Lord their God but transgressed his
the Lord their God but transgressed his
the Lord their God but transgressed his covenant and all that Moses the servant
covenant and all that Moses the servant
covenant and all that Moses the servant of the Lord had commanded and they would
of the Lord had commanded and they would
of the Lord had commanded and they would neither hear nor do them and in the
neither hear nor do them and in the
neither hear nor do them and in the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah
fourteenth year of King Hezekiah
fourteenth year of King Hezekiah Sennacherib king of Assyria came up
Sennacherib king of Assyria came up
Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the fortified cities of
against all the fortified cities of
against all the fortified cities of Judah and took them then as a car king
Judah and took them then as a car king
Judah and took them then as a car king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria at
of Judah sent to the king of Assyria at
of Judah sent to the king of Assyria at lakish I have done wrong
lakish I have done wrong
lakish I have done wrong turn away from me whatever you impose on
turn away from me whatever you impose on
turn away from me whatever you impose on me I will pay and the king of Assyria
me I will pay and the king of Assyria
me I will pay and the king of Assyria assessed Hezekiah king of Judah three
assessed Hezekiah king of Judah three
assessed Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty
hundred talents of silver and thirty
hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold so as a car gave him all
talents of gold so as a car gave him all
talents of gold so as a car gave him all the silver that was found in the house
the silver that was found in the house
the silver that was found in the house of the Lord
of the Lord
of the Lord and in the Treasuries of the King's
and in the Treasuries of the King's
and in the Treasuries of the King's house at that time Hezekiah stripped the
house at that time Hezekiah stripped the
house at that time Hezekiah stripped the gold from the doors of the temple of the
gold from the doors of the temple of the
gold from the doors of the temple of the law and from the pillars which Hezekiah
law and from the pillars which Hezekiah
law and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid and gave it
king of Judah had overlaid and gave it
king of Judah had overlaid and gave it to the king of Assyria then the king of
to the king of Assyria then the king of
to the king of Assyria then the king of Assyria sent the Tartan the Rev Cyrus
Assyria sent the Tartan the Rev Cyrus
Assyria sent the Tartan the Rev Cyrus and the Rev sugar from lakish with a
and the Rev sugar from lakish with a
and the Rev sugar from lakish with a great army against Jerusalem to King
great army against Jerusalem to King
great army against Jerusalem to King Hezekiah and they went up and came to
Hezekiah and they went up and came to
Hezekiah and they went up and came to Jerusalem when they had come up he went
Jerusalem when they had come up he went
Jerusalem when they had come up he went and stood by the aqueduct from the upper
and stood by the aqueduct from the upper
and stood by the aqueduct from the upper pool which was on the highway to the
pool which was on the highway to the
pool which was on the highway to the fullest field and when they had called
fullest field and when they had called
fullest field and when they had called to the king
to the king
to the king Miller king the son of Hilkiah who was
Miller king the son of Hilkiah who was
Miller king the son of Hilkiah who was over the household shebna described and
over the household shebna described and
over the household shebna described and Joan
Joan
Joan the son of ASA the recorder came out to
the son of ASA the recorder came out to
the son of ASA the recorder came out to them then the rapture said to them
them then the rapture said to them
them then the rapture said to them say now to Hezekiah thus says the Great
say now to Hezekiah thus says the Great
say now to Hezekiah thus says the Great King the king of Assyria what confidence
King the king of Assyria what confidence
King the king of Assyria what confidence is this in which you trust you speak of
is this in which you trust you speak of
is this in which you trust you speak of having plans and powerful war but they
having plans and powerful war but they
having plans and powerful war but they are mere words and in whom do you trust
are mere words and in whom do you trust
are mere words and in whom do you trust that you rebel against me now look you
that you rebel against me now look you
that you rebel against me now look you are trusting in the staff of this broken
are trusting in the staff of this broken
are trusting in the staff of this broken Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it will go into his hand and pierce it so
will go into his hand and pierce it so
will go into his hand and pierce it so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him
trust in him
trust in him but if you say to me we trust in the
but if you say to me we trust in the
but if you say to me we trust in the Lord our God is it not he whose high
Lord our God is it not he whose high
Lord our God is it not he whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah has
places and whose altars Hezekiah has
places and whose altars Hezekiah has taken away and said to Judah and
taken away and said to Judah and
taken away and said to Judah and Jerusalem you shall worship before this
Jerusalem you shall worship before this
Jerusalem you shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem now therefore I urge
altar in Jerusalem now therefore I urge
altar in Jerusalem now therefore I urge you give a pledge to my master the king
you give a pledge to my master the king
you give a pledge to my master the king of Assyria and I will give you two
of Assyria and I will give you two
of Assyria and I will give you two thousand horses if you are able on your
thousand horses if you are able on your
thousand horses if you are able on your part to put riders on them how then will
part to put riders on them how then will
part to put riders on them how then will you repel one captain of the least of my
you repel one captain of the least of my
you repel one captain of the least of my Master's servants and put your trust in
Master's servants and put your trust in
Master's servants and put your trust in Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I now come up without the Lord against
now come up without the Lord against
now come up without the Lord against this place to destroy it the Lord said
this place to destroy it the Lord said
this place to destroy it the Lord said to me go up against this land and
to me go up against this land and
to me go up against this land and destroy it
destroy it
destroy it then Alarcon the son of Hilkiah shebna
then Alarcon the son of Hilkiah shebna
then Alarcon the son of Hilkiah shebna and joah
and joah
and joah said to the rap shaker please speak to
said to the rap shaker please speak to
said to the rap shaker please speak to your servants in aramaic for we
your servants in aramaic for we
your servants in aramaic for we understand it and do not speak to us in
understand it and do not speak to us in
understand it and do not speak to us in hebrew in the hearing of the people who
hebrew in the hearing of the people who
hebrew in the hearing of the people who were on the wall as my master sent me to
were on the wall as my master sent me to
were on the wall as my master sent me to your master and to you to speak these
your master and to you to speak these
your master and to you to speak these words and not to the men who sit on the
words and not to the men who sit on the
words and not to the men who sit on the wall who will eat and drink their own
wall who will eat and drink their own
wall who will eat and drink their own waste with you then the rap Shakur stood
waste with you then the rap Shakur stood
waste with you then the rap Shakur stood and called out with a loud voice in
and called out with a loud voice in
and called out with a loud voice in Hebrew hear the word of the great king
Hebrew hear the word of the great king
Hebrew hear the word of the great king the king of Assyria thus says the King
the king of Assyria thus says the King
the king of Assyria thus says the King do not let Hezekiah deceive you for he
do not let Hezekiah deceive you for he
do not let Hezekiah deceive you for he shall not be able to deliver you from
shall not be able to deliver you from
shall not be able to deliver you from his hand nor let Hezekiah make you trust
his hand nor let Hezekiah make you trust
his hand nor let Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord saying the Lord will surely
in the Lord saying the Lord will surely
in the Lord saying the Lord will surely deliver us this city shall not be given
deliver us this city shall not be given
deliver us this city shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria do
into the hand of the king of Assyria do
into the hand of the king of Assyria do not listen to Hezekiah for thus says the
not listen to Hezekiah for thus says the
not listen to Hezekiah for thus says the king of Assyria make peace with me buy a
king of Assyria make peace with me buy a
king of Assyria make peace with me buy a present and come out to me and every one
present and come out to me and every one
present and come out to me and every one of you eat from his own bind and every
of you eat from his own bind and every
of you eat from his own bind and every one from his own fig tree and every one
one from his own fig tree and every one
one from his own fig tree and every one of you drink the waters of his own
of you drink the waters of his own
of you drink the waters of his own sister until I come and take you away to
sister until I come and take you away to
sister until I come and take you away to a land like your own land
a land like your own land
a land like your own land a land of grain and new wine a land of
a land of grain and new wine a land of
a land of grain and new wine a land of bread and vineyards a land of olive
bread and vineyards a land of olive
bread and vineyards a land of olive groves and honey that you may live and
groves and honey that you may live and
groves and honey that you may live and not die but do not listen to Hezekiah
not die but do not listen to Hezekiah
not die but do not listen to Hezekiah lest he persuade you saying the Lord
lest he persuade you saying the Lord
lest he persuade you saying the Lord will deliver us has any of the gods of
will deliver us has any of the gods of
will deliver us has any of the gods of the nations at all delivered its land
the nations at all delivered its land
the nations at all delivered its land from a hand of the king of Assyria where
from a hand of the king of Assyria where
from a hand of the king of Assyria where are the gods of Haman and our part where
are the gods of Haman and our part where
are the gods of Haman and our part where are the gods of sefar bayum and Hina and
are the gods of sefar bayum and Hina and
are the gods of sefar bayum and Hina and ekwa indeed have they delivered Samaria
ekwa indeed have they delivered Samaria
ekwa indeed have they delivered Samaria from my hand
from my hand
from my hand who among all the gods of the lands have
who among all the gods of the lands have
who among all the gods of the lands have delivered their countries from my hand
delivered their countries from my hand
delivered their countries from my hand that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem
that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem
that the Lord should deliver Jerusalem from my hand but the people held their
from my hand but the people held their
from my hand but the people held their peace and answered him not a word for
peace and answered him not a word for
peace and answered him not a word for the Kings commandment was do not answer
the Kings commandment was do not answer
the Kings commandment was do not answer him then allow him the son of Hilkiah
him then allow him the son of Hilkiah
him then allow him the son of Hilkiah who was over the household shebna the
who was over the household shebna the
who was over the household shebna the scribe and joah the son of Asaph the
scribe and joah the son of Asaph the
scribe and joah the son of Asaph the recorder came to Hezekiah with their
recorder came to Hezekiah with their
recorder came to Hezekiah with their clothes torn and told him the words of
clothes torn and told him the words of
clothes torn and told him the words of the rapture